Dieter Werwath: Hello?
Anders Boye: Hey, Dee!
Dieter Werwath: Hey, Andes, how are you?
Anders Boye: Okay.
Dieter Werwath: Okay.
Anders Boye: How are you?
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, not too bad, not too bad, thank you. Are you sitting at a laptop?
Anders Boye: desktop.
Dieter Werwath: desktop, that's okay. Let me just quickly send you a link.
Dieter Werwath: So, Joanne told you that I was getting really frustrated that not the tools we were trying were doing what we actually wanted?
Anders Boye: In terms of the.
Dieter Werwath: Unleashed or sealed.
Anders Boye: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Beautiful.
Dieter Werwath: So… I've just built us some, basically.
Dieter Werwath: Let me just share this with you.
Dieter Werwath: Oh, do you… you don't use WhatsApp, do you?
Anders Boye: I don't watch, right?
Dieter Werwath: You don't use WhatsApp Web.
Anders Boye: Only sometimes I'm logged on, rarely, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Okay, let me, let me send it to you by email, then that'll be easiest, I guess.
Dieter Werwath: You can actually open it on your phone as well.
Dieter Werwath: You should be able.
Anders Boye: Yeah, you can just send it on WhatsApp.
Anders Boye: Yeah, okay.
Dieter Werwath: So I've sent it on WhatsApp.
Dieter Werwath: It's not pretty, but it doesn't need to be. It's an internal tool for us only.
Dieter Werwath: And we can play with it later if we need to.
Dieter Werwath: But… This is basically a very… this is version 1.
Dieter Werwath: And the middle section will need to be changed. I'm just thinking that particular page on your phone probably won't look great, it's more of a desktop tool.
Dieter Werwath: If you just click on the menu and go to the homepage, you'll see an idea of what it's…
Dieter Werwath: What it's shaping up to be.
Dieter Werwath: My laptop is going very super, super happy.
Anders Boye: Where should I push, D?
Dieter Werwath: On the mobile…
Anders Boye: Yeah, I'm inside the Candid Labs now.
Dieter Werwath: Hey, Endless, can you hear me?
Anders Boye: Hey, Al?
Dieter Werwath: Okay, the internet's just gone down at my house, so…
Dieter Werwath: So, I've joined on my phone.
Anders Boye: Yeah, the two windows open, I'm not sure if that…
Dieter Werwath: category.
Anders Boye: One is hanging out.
Dieter Werwath: Because that noise will destroy me.
Dieter Werwath: Okay, that should be fine.
Dieter Werwath: Okay, can you hear me clearly now?
Anders Boye: Yeah, I can.
Dieter Werwath: This meeting is being recorded. Oh, sounds like the internet's just completely connected to my phone.
Dieter Werwath: Okay, let's try that again. So yeah, I'm just going to try and send you that by email, because that particular tool is definitely better
Dieter Werwath: Based on a desktop.
Dieter Werwath: Second… Which email address is best to send it to, Anders?
Anders Boye: Yeah, that's actually a good, question. Let me just open my laptop, because I have more email addresses in that one.
Anders Boye: And I just said it on the candid one.
Dieter Werwath: Okay.
Dieter Werwath: I mean, I can send it to any email address, I think I've got 3 or 4 saved for you.
Anders Boye: No, but that's fine, just send it in order time.
Anders Boye: Just fired up now.
Anders Boye: I saw Elle is up for dinner.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, so… so it seems. I mean, I didn't…
Dieter Werwath: Really expect either of them to join this evening when we made it optional, but…
Anders Boye: Yeah, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: You know, we can, we can run through it together.
Anders Boye: Yeah, I am.
Dieter Werwath: After this, anyway.
Dieter Werwath: Just let me know when you've got that open.
Anders Boye: Yeah, I'm just firing it up.
Dieter Werwath: Give me my word.
Anders Boye: minutes.
Dieter Werwath: So just while we're waiting, so I've given, or I've fed this, tool, the full year 2024 from PKF and the full year 2025 from PKF.
Dieter Werwath: So we've got those as benchmarks to work from.
Dieter Werwath: What I haven't finished yet is sort of a…
Dieter Werwath: Do you remember last year when we went through this exercise, we put it into a spreadsheet, and we said, how many cases will we sell each month of each SKU?
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: So I haven't broken it down month by month yet, but that's a fairly quick fix.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, okay. But when you see it, you see…
Dieter Werwath: We've got a couple of really quick, sort of visual
Dieter Werwath: assumptions, and then we've got a detailed breakdown option. And essentially, all of the calculations, et cetera, it's all done for us, it's just put the numbers into the fields. So this will give us, obviously, a baseline to use, and then, essentially, what we'll be able to do is export a full breakdown in the same format that we used last year.
Dieter Werwath: As an Excel or Google Sheet.
Anders Boye: Oh, okay.
Dieter Werwath: Work on that.
Anders Boye: Okay, okay.
Anders Boye: Right, so it's a bit of a stepping stone to the Excel sheet, where it's a little bit easier to sit and… okay.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, so I've put it in three sections. I'm actually going to swap them around. The detailed one is going to be a little bit more advanced, and we'll go at the bottom.
Dieter Werwath: the top section, if you look at those, where it says Customize Scenario Assumptions.
Dieter Werwath: And we've got revenue growth, COGS revenue, and OPEX growth.
Dieter Werwath: And each of those 9 boxes, so the conservative, the base, and the stretch, you can actually change the numbers in there.
Dieter Werwath: And then that will tell you, in the table above, what it is that we're… that that means. So if we get 10% growth.
Dieter Werwath: In the conservative box, that means revenue next year will come out at 6.7B.
Anders Boye: Hmm.
Dieter Werwath: If we change that… if we change that to, say, 200%, if you want to double up, it changes to 16 points by 5 feet. So, you know, that's just a very quick visual, indicator on where we want to be from
Dieter Werwath: Growth percentage, our COGS, which we know we want to squeeze down, and, how we want to handle our pets.
Dieter Werwath: The middle section, we'll go through that in a second, and that's going to be the bit that we really want to focus on. But if you scroll right down to the bottom of the page, there's 3 more tools. I'll move these up a little bit.
Dieter Werwath: Three more quick-fire tools, right.
Anders Boye: to the SQU volume, or…
Dieter Werwath: Yes, so SKU volume.
Dieter Werwath: Really simple. How many cases do we think we're gonna sell next year?
Dieter Werwath: you know, it's just a… again, it's a very quick, simple tool to say, right, if we sell this many, this is what we're going to do. If we sell this many, this is what we're going to do. Green tea and Finsbury's, that's because
Dieter Werwath: I built this based on last year's, model, but I'll change that to just be SKU4 and SKU5, and obviously we'll update those if we want to use the actual names or whatever.
Anders Boye: Yep.
Dieter Werwath: If you then see, there's two more buttons where it says volume times price. If you go to Growth.
Dieter Werwath: Again, just a very quick calculator. So, how much do we want to actually grow our revenue? What is our target COGS? And, what do we think our…
Dieter Werwath: OPEX will be And again, changing those numbers just updates the tables in that box on the right-hand side.
Anders Boye: Yeah, I mean, it's quite nice, it's very, like…
Anders Boye: Why can't anyone really, I mean, do these tools?
Dieter Werwath: I don't know, Anders, but the good news is, these are all for free. I've found ways to do it all for free. I haven't found anything, and I've looked a lot.
Dieter Werwath: Haven't found anything that does what we want to do. At our level.
Dieter Werwath: With a level of simplicity on the front end, but the sophistication on the back.
Dieter Werwath: You know, it's strange that nobody's built that, but anyway, we've got these tools. And then the target editor as well, it's sort of a reverse-engineered
Dieter Werwath: So, I'll make those boxes a little bit bigger, but if we want to target X in net profit and, X in OPEX with an X gross margin, what is the actual required revenue
Dieter Werwath: That we will have to hit for 2026.
Dieter Werwath: Because I was thinking, when we took… spoke last year, I remember we were having that conversation, let's work backwards. So, basically, these tools, those basic tools, will help us just say, right, are we being realistic here? So that's the… the high level.
Dieter Werwath: And then the middle section, which you can see right now, is definitely a bit of a work in progress. It's a bit messy, but, what it does is it gives us our…
Dieter Werwath: 2024 actual.
Dieter Werwath: our 2025… Actual.
Dieter Werwath: A year-on-year trends.
Dieter Werwath: And then those… if you look on the, on the…
Dieter Werwath: right-hand side, you can see that we can actually edit some of those numbers. It's not very clear. You can see the little scroll bars.
Dieter Werwath: But basically, we can actually edit what we want in those boxes.
Dieter Werwath: And then you'll see there's a little button at the top of the table saying export CSV or Copy Table, which should then paste into Excel or
Dieter Werwath: Google Sheets.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: And you… yes, later, we can link it straight into the sheet, in a way, right?
Dieter Werwath: Sorry, say again?
Anders Boye: Data, we could link it straight into the sheet without exporting it, or is it…
Dieter Werwath: No, 100%. So we can actually… so what I wanted to do was expand on this, and this will be the basis of our conversation tonight, because if you remember, we went month by month. This is just…
Dieter Werwath: a year total. So this is almost, sort of, the visual output of what we want to put in. We want to put in, okay, what are we going to spend in Jan, Feb, March, all the way through to December on each of these items?
Dieter Werwath: We could then even break that down further if we wanted to, to say existing staff.
Dieter Werwath: incoming staff, existing SKUs, upcoming SKUs, we can add to that process. But it's just… I just feel that this is a far more,
Dieter Werwath: user-friendly setup for us to be able to do that. And when we're having the conversations, a quick update here, and we can export, or save, or link to a sheet, so that all the data is there.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Do you see it?
Anders Boye: Come out with a small profit in 25?
Dieter Werwath: Better than last year. If you actually scroll down, you can see this is based on actual target… on actual, data. So, we came out with… oh, wait a minute.
Dieter Werwath: That is a different number to the one that we had before.
Dieter Werwath: 445 million is… let me just… did you… have you managed to have a look at the full-year report that PKF sent to us?
Anders Boye: Not in details.
Dieter Werwath: Hold on a sec.
Dieter Werwath: If you've got your candid email open, you'll see that from, from…
Dieter Werwath: PKF last week, on the 28th.
Anders Boye: No, let me see…
Anders Boye: my… I think the… my biggest… Sort of.
Anders Boye: unknown at the moment is… is listing fees and all these things with PK.
Dieter Werwath: You are.
Anders Boye: SKD, right?
Dieter Werwath: Yes.
Anders Boye: So, somehow, all these costs… We can…
Anders Boye: this is a good tool, Dee, because if we can track them somehow.
Anders Boye: Then we can calibrate the listing and rollouts quite nicely.
Dieter Werwath: So, essentially, Anders, I've found a way that we can build… if you can tell me what we want.
Dieter Werwath: We can build it.
Anders Boye: Nope.
Dieter Werwath: it's genuinely… and it might take a couple of iterations to get it doing exactly what we want, but I've spent a lot of time putting the baseline down. I've… a lot of this…
Dieter Werwath: thousands and thousands of rows of code and logic. But now that that's done, we can then use this to do exactly whatever we want. You know, the automatic account, contract generation that's built into this system.
Dieter Werwath: I've actually dropped COGS calculators built into the system, production management and production planning, weeks of coverage for… based on actual stock.
Dieter Werwath: And all of this is based on the shitty formats that we get from SKD and from KMI, and the strange format that comes out of Xero.
Dieter Werwath: processing that into clean data. And the one thing, and I'm really sorry I can't show it yet, but I would imagine end of this week at the most, if you look at the dashboard, the website, and look at the top where it says reports.
Dieter Werwath: Let me just… So, those reports are basically all share placeholders, Bulls.
Dieter Werwath: What will be embedded there… is…
Anders Boye: Greg shared a Google one. Do we have an Excel sheet that we can open?
Dieter Werwath: It's actually in the email, in the body of the email, you can download it.
Anders Boye: Yeah, I'm just… I need to log into my Google, and this is so annoying, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Oh, really?
Anders Boye: Yeah, I have to… Nope.
Dieter Werwath: I can… I can fix that for you. Oh, that's really strange.
Dieter Werwath: Just a sec.
Anders Boye: Riviani, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Just one second…
Dieter Werwath: Let me send you an actual Excel attachment, so you can open it.
Dieter Werwath: Oh, my internet is so slow.
Dieter Werwath: I'm hotspotting my phone, and the weather's awful here.
Anders Boye: Hmm.
Dieter Werwath: you'll, you'll be pleased to know, maybe.
Dieter Werwath: that I am buying myself a Mac.
Anders Boye: Are you?
Anders Boye: Whoa.
Dieter Werwath: I actually tried to buy one today, but they didn't have any in stock.
Dieter Werwath: This machine just isn't powerful enough. It's that simple.
Dieter Werwath: I mean, the basic Macs are super powerful these days, I mean.
Anders Boye: I have…
Anders Boye: 2 Macs, but they're from 2014. I can't update them anymore, so I have really problems with them, so…
Anders Boye: I like to buy the highest spec and then keep it as long as I can, but after 12 years, they are giving up.
Dieter Werwath: So, I'm actually buying a Mac Mini, because I've got, obviously, at the home office, I've got everything on my desk, a Mac Mini, which…
Anders Boye: Phenomenal.
Anders Boye: power in them, I tell you.
Dieter Werwath: It's unbelievable, the raw power that's available in just… and it's 5 inches by 5 inches.
Anders Boye: No, but it's best in class, basically. At the entry level, it's best in class.
Dieter Werwath: So, they don't sell, they only… I mean, 16GB of RAM and 256GB of storage is actually enough.
Dieter Werwath: They don't sell any more, they don't sell the higher one here anyway.
Anders Boye: Oh, okay, yeah, because the way it really… where it really, you know, doesn't make sense is when you upgrade the RAM. It gets so expensive.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah. But that's, I mean, 16GB of RAM, with their processors, I've done a lot of research, it's more than enough.
Dieter Werwath: And actually, I can use it and still sort of get deeply entrenched, or stay deeply entrenched in my Google ecosystem, which I'm used to for the past 10 or 12 years, but have the power and everything that comes with macOS as well.
Anders Boye: It is phenomenal. It is the best out there at the price, and you can easily put it in your backpack when you travel.
Dieter Werwath: Exactly.
Anders Boye: is so useful, really.
Anders Boye: And it can… Run 2 or 3 monitors as well.
Dieter Werwath: Well, I've got my 34-inch monitor that I sit in front of at home, which is more than enough. I can fit 3 or 4 windows in there easily. But I've also seen, and these are really cool, you can get foldable dual monitors for travel.
Dieter Werwath: So, it looks like a laptop, but it's actually just two screens, and you whack that onto a Mac Mini, and I can be anywhere with that. It's… yeah, it's fantastic. Yeah, like I said, I went to buy one today, and I messaged ahead just to make sure, sorry, we have no stock.
Dieter Werwath: And they're very, very, very cheap, Anders. I was surprised. I was going down the route of a high-end Chrome device.
Dieter Werwath: which are sort of the same price as entry-level MacBooks, so 22 to 25 million rupiah.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: The Mac Mini, 9.5.
Anders Boye: It costs 500 bucks here.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah. It's, it's crazy, right?
Anders Boye: Yeah, I want to do a setup with that, maybe get a little bit better chipset, and then I want two new screens, and then I'm happy, but that's gonna be a little bit costly, right? Because I want the Mac screens, but you don't have to, so…
Dieter Werwath: Exactly. Unless, you know, they're all…
Anders Boye: of that, and and then you have a been for another 10 years.
Dieter Werwath: Exactly. That's the thing I'm looking at. I mean, my last… I bought the actual official Pixel Google hardware back in 2017. It lasted me nearly 8 years, and it wasn't particularly expensive, but it was phenomenal. And then it died, and I thought, you know what? I'll just get another Chromebook. They've upgraded anyway. I've had this one less than a year.
Dieter Werwath: And I've… I've killed it. It isn't enough. So, yeah.
Anders Boye: I'm living off my old MacBooks, and I can tell you what the… I can't even update Spotify anymore, or Google.
Anders Boye: the chipset. I mean, you know that OS is also very old now, so they stopped. But they work… it's still… you know, when I bought them, it's still 5K retina displays. They're still working phenomenally. They never… they never crashed. And I have flash drives installed, so it's a bit faster, but…
Anders Boye: it just doesn't work with the newer systems. So, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: That's the thing. And I think now's a good time, because the stuff that they're pumping out now.
Dieter Werwath: maybe in 10 years' time, you know, maybe it is less than 10 years that we get out of it, but it's certainly at least 5, 6 years of what's going on right now, we'll be able to run from devices we buy, or machines that we buy this year, and that's enough. For that kind of price point, five, six hundred bucks, wow, it's just…
Anders Boye: you can't… there's nothing… I mean, even the tech nerds, I was watching YouTube videos where they tested, they are so… they're so impressed with it.
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Anders Boye: a tougher tough, right? And you really have to be a graphics…
Anders Boye: a hardcore designer for it to sweat, I think.
Dieter Werwath: That's the one thing that I said. I said, look, you know, this is what I do, this is what I need, these are the systems, platforms, tools I use, blah blah blah blah blah.
Anders Boye: And the only thing that they said was.
Dieter Werwath: If you use high, high-level, Video editing.
Dieter Werwath: Then you may run into throttles on the base level.
Dieter Werwath: Anything else you throw at it, 24-7. And that… I think that's the other thing as well, the Mac Mini, it's 24-7, so all of these systems that I'm building for Candid will just run.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah. You know, and I'll never, you know, you don't have to think about that. They're built specifically for that purpose. So, yeah, when I realized
Dieter Werwath: just how… I'd never even looked at the price before today.
Anders Boye: No, no, no, it's phenomenal. I almost jumped in, I just, for different reasons. I haven't bought one, but I will buy one this year.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Anders Boye: And eaten…
Anders Boye: Even if you have an old monitor somewhere, just hook it up, right, when you travel, it's phenomenal.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, I just…
Dieter Werwath: And I think even… even then, I mean, so what I've looked at is, I can actually, either through Terminal, if I want to get technical, but just from remote shit share.
Dieter Werwath: I can take my shitty old laptop anywhere, open one Chrome browser, and be connected to my Mac Mini anywhere in the world.
Anders Boye: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: It's just… I mean, the refresh rates and stuff will be down, but the power is actually being delivered by the Mac Mini, which is set on my desk, running 24-7. So yeah, once I looked at it, it just became an absolute no-brainer. So, I would have had one this… I would have had one this evening if they had any in stock this afternoon.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Anyone.
Dieter Werwath: I've sent you over the, the…
Dieter Werwath: 2025 numbers from PKF, and I've just realized what I should have sent you as well is…
Dieter Werwath: Have you still got the 2024 numbers?
Anders Boye: I would have them somewhere, yeah. Just opening this one now.
Dieter Werwath: I might as well send that as well if you've got them.
Anders Boye: Oh, this is a… What format is this? No, okay.
Dieter Werwath: That should just be in Excel.
Anders Boye: Yeah, it opens up, like, a…
Anders Boye: Is it… is it a different format now? Okay.
Dieter Werwath: Oh, have you opened it? Has it opened directly in your Chrome?
Anders Boye: Yeah, that's what I… it looks like it, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: If it… that's… so when… when you… if you download it, you can open it as a normal Excel. If you open it from Gmail in Chrome, or your Chrome browser, it opens up in that shitty, sort of… it's like an online version.
Anders Boye: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: It's terrible. But if you download it, you'll see exactly as you normally do.
Anders Boye: Alright, let me download it.
Anders Boye: Yeah, it's a CSV format, open width, I guess I can do.
Dieter Werwath: That's strange, why is that confusing?
Anders Boye: Open with Excel, here we go. Let's see if it works. In my old Excel format.
Dieter Werwath: That could be my problem, because I've been working a lot with, with…
Dieter Werwath: code and stuff now, and I think I might have set my downloads default to…
Anders Boye: I'm in Excel now,
Anders Boye: It's fine. No, we don't have consolidated… so in the 25, we don't have 24 in the same sheet?
Dieter Werwath: No. God.
Anders Boye: No. I know.
Dieter Werwath: I'm just grabbing that now for you.
Anders Boye: Just asking, you have to include that, surely, right?
Dieter Werwath: Barry has been all over, Felicia this week, so far.
Anders Boye: How, how is… are you happy with her, or…
Dieter Werwath: Yes, very much so.
Anders Boye: Don't hear so much, so I just…
Anders Boye: wanted to make sure she's doing what she's supposed to, and really being pushed. Do you test her once in a while, see what she can do?
Dieter Werwath: Yes, and actually, if… if… it's quite interesting, because she's, she's also… he, she, they, also…
Anders Boye: Yep, yep.
Dieter Werwath: Fairly regularly ask
Dieter Werwath: You know, oh, that's interesting, you know, if we have time, could you show me how to do that?
Anders Boye: What's to learn.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, yeah, very much so. And isn't afraid to sort of say, well, actually.
Dieter Werwath: there's an alternative. She never has… as yet isn't confident enough to say, that's a ridiculous idea, you should do it this way, but is happy to put forward, you know, well, actually.
Dieter Werwath: in my experience, I've done this, or I've done that, or I've used this tool. So yeah, very, very good.
Dieter Werwath: And this week is, so far, every day it's been questions to Felicia at PTF. Can you explain this? Why have you done that? So, very, very, very, very good.
Anders Boye: What is L sending now?
Anders Boye: Total.
Anders Boye: Hmm.
Dieter Werwath: What's that, sorry?
Anders Boye: It's just L.
Dieter Werwath: I'll just take a quick look in the group…
Anders Boye: Oh, Raya, K-T-E, great.
Anders Boye: They moved over.
Anders Boye: to SKD, no?
Anders Boye: No? Okay, right.
Anders Boye: I feel like we're slowly getting there with SKD, it's just… Obviously, taking time.
Anders Boye: Everything takes time.
Anders Boye: in… Indonesia.
Dieter Werwath: I think, yeah, and I think that's where,
Dieter Werwath: we've… we've… over the past, I would say, the last… 4 weeks, or the… the…
Dieter Werwath: close to the last four weeks of December, so running up until third week of December, so last week of November and first week of December… first week of December with Barry on board. And now that she's also getting stuck into, the finances as well.
Dieter Werwath: A lot of that daily admin will disappear, which is nice.
Dieter Werwath: The tools that we're building, so we'll be able to literally go on and say, right, what is…
Dieter Werwath: It's not happening.
Dieter Werwath: And all of that allows us to… better… Push, SKD.
Dieter Werwath: Because right now, I feel that we're having the same conversation over and over again, which isn't productive.
Dieter Werwath: But it's sort of… we've got a lack of, a lack of supporting either data or whatever it is, and a lack of…
Dieter Werwath: Consistency in how we're managing things.
Dieter Werwath: I think Al coming on board is great, but it's still a little bit hit and miss, you know, it's sporadic when he's got time, which is fine, you know, every… we'll take every advantage we can get.
Dieter Werwath: I think, what's his name? The guy that we all spoke to? .
Anders Boye: Oh, yeah, Elliott, right?
Dieter Werwath: Yes,
Dieter Werwath: Definitely something that we… that kind of hire, whether it takes us to the middle of the year, even to the end of the year, that will absolutely skyrocket us and push us, you know, so much closer to the moon.
Dieter Werwath: What we need to do is bridge that gap between now and then.
Anders Boye: Yeah, and we just need to get our house a little bit more in order, right?
Dieter Werwath: Nope.
Anders Boye: get some more signatures on somebody's deal. I mean, no one expects to come into a perfect setup, but…
Anders Boye: I think… I have a good feeling about him. It's obviously…
Anders Boye: Way out of our range,
Anders Boye: In terms of salary right now, but…
Dieter Werwath: Well, this is the thing, and this is the big frustration. We've got no sense of consistency yet from SKD, at all.
Dieter Werwath: Which is a shame. You know, I know it's only 6 months, and they've told us to wait, and we're not patient, but still, I was hoping it would be a little bit more consistent right now.
Dieter Werwath: But if we had…
Dieter Werwath: got the level of stability that we were hoping for by now. And they were, in fact, ordering
Dieter Werwath: 5,000 cases plus 900… so 2 times 2.6, and 1 times 900 per month.
Dieter Werwath: That salary would be just about in reach.
Anders Boye: Yup.
Dieter Werwath: With everything else we're doing.
Dieter Werwath: And the jump that we expect to see from bringing him in, even if that means that we operate at roughly zero margin for 3 months, or 4 months.
Anders Boye: Okay, I feel, I mean, it's…
Dieter Werwath: So, absolutely.
Dieter Werwath: So, for me, that's what we need to get to. By the middle of this year, we need to have SKD, and there's no reason why that's, you know, that should be possible. That should be possible just from Bali, to be honest. I'm not talking about only Bali, I'm talking about across the board. We can get two full, large trucks and one small truck per month.
Dieter Werwath: out to SKD, we're already making enough to…
Dieter Werwath: To support that level of salary.
Dieter Werwath: So, one to Jakarta, 1 to Bali, and an extra 900 to Bali. Now, bearing in mind, that still puts Bali lower than we were with PMB. So there's no reason why we shouldn't be doing more than that. But that… that is, in my mind, that's the… sort of the threshold.
Dieter Werwath: And, you know, it's… I think that we aim for that by middle of the year.
Anders Boye: Nope.
Dieter Werwath: You know, it's…
Dieter Werwath: I know that they need time to settle in, blah blah blah, but we can't just sit back and let them have unlimited amount of time before we need to start seeing some actual
Dieter Werwath: Actual movement, right?
Dieter Werwath: So yeah, I think that's got… still got to be there.
Dieter Werwath: Still got to be the… The goal is to get that level of person on board by…
Dieter Werwath: at some point during H2.
Dieter Werwath: Now, obviously, on top of that, we know that
Dieter Werwath: Finns is solid, and sold, and in place. It's locked in. That is… there's nothing… I wouldn't say nothing.
Anders Boye: higher margins as well, right? So…
Anders Boye: Did you… did you… did you die, D?
Dieter Werwath: Hey, Anders, can you still hear me?
Anders Boye: Yeah, yeah, I just… I lost you, but I was just texting you, can we start again in 10? I just gotta do some… a few…
Dieter Werwath: Yo!
Anders Boye: Roll calls, is that okay?
Dieter Werwath: No problems at all. Speak to you in a few minutes.
Anders Boye: Okay, bye.
Dieter Werwath: Thanks, Anders.
Anders Boye: Yeah, hi Dee, sorry I'm back.
Dieter Werwath: Hey, Mr. Beck with us?
Dieter Werwath: Hello?
Anders Boye: Yeah, Heidi, yeah, I'm back.
Dieter Werwath: Understood.
Anders Boye: Yep.
Anders Boye: Pain.
Anders Boye: Sorry.
Dieter Werwath: No, no, no problems, no problems. So I was just saying that, for me, a good 2026 is,
Dieter Werwath: Progress from 2025.
Anders Boye: Yup.
Dieter Werwath: Full-time founder, plus Elliot.
Dieter Werwath: To escape use.
Dieter Werwath: I mean, that, for me, is a great year. It doesn't make millions this year. We don't want to lose money, we want to move forward, but I think that that's sort of… that would be a tick in the box, and everything else on top of that would be a bonus. And of course, we'll evaluate that as the year starts to progress, but I think, for me, that's where we're looking to be.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: So I guess that the… the big…
Dieter Werwath: The big question right now is, How do we… How do we… either… SKD Performance.
Dieter Werwath: If you remember when we first came on board, they said that they were looking for 25%
Dieter Werwath: Coincidnier warm.
Dieter Werwath: And 10% growth in year 2.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: So, you… Unfortunately, For them to hit 25% in year one is looking unlikely.
Dieter Werwath: Based on the first 6 months. Not impossible, but unlikely.
Dieter Werwath: So do, you know, do we still run with those numbers and expect that they're going to pick up?
Dieter Werwath: Between now and July.
Dieter Werwath: Or do we… Do me some of the steps.
Dieter Werwath: Say to ourselves, okay, let's treat second half of 2025 as…
Dieter Werwath: A bedding in period of some description, and essentially start the clock now, and, you know, look at what that means for 2026.
Dieter Werwath: And of course, you know, we can do a base, or even a conservative base of a stretch.
Dieter Werwath: And we know that we want to allow percentages for certain things.
Dieter Werwath: But I think that's where we're… That's when we're…
Dieter Werwath: Our questions are to be able to put this together, you know, with any real clarity.
Anders Boye: Yeah, I mean, we are… we are barely touching Jakarta, right? I mean, we got…
Dieter Werwath: Like, not good.
Anders Boye: We are barely in the hotels in Indonesia. We are only beginning to list
Anders Boye: And we got Holywings as a big question mark. What are they moving in terms of stock, right? I mean…
Anders Boye: If we get…
Dieter Werwath: I mean, hold on.
Anders Boye: If we get the whole.
Dieter Werwath: gave us brief, very, very high-level numbers, and it was less than Finn's.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Which, I don't think that can be right, surely.
Dieter Werwath: Okay.
Anders Boye: It sounds very strange.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Finns are doing anywhere between 1,000 and 1,500 cases a month.
Dieter Werwath: On average, across the year.
Dieter Werwath: And… Hollywood said that they were looking at 10,000 cases for the year.
Dieter Werwath: So it just…
Dieter Werwath: I mean, I guess, you know, we'll see. Hopefully, we'll see soon, because there's no reason why that doesn't go live in February, as they've…
Anders Boye: Yeah. As they've said.
Anders Boye: I mean, I would budget with a thousand cases from Holywings, and then…
Anders Boye: Then put that in the system on top of last year.
Anders Boye: Put some realistic movement on listings in supermarkets, mini-marks.
Anders Boye: very conservatively, and then I would,
Anders Boye: See where we end up,
Anders Boye: I mean, Club Med and these guys, if we get those on board, NYD, Maybe that's another thousand?
Anders Boye: To at least combined,
Anders Boye: And then we have some growth this year on that basis, with a steady growth in listing, and just opening up mom-and-pop stores and hotels, and…
Anders Boye: It's really about just that consistent… we should… we should be growing,
Anders Boye: I mean, at least 50… 50-75% per year.
Anders Boye: Right now.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, we set a minimum target for 2.5X last year, and we got nowhere near it. I mean, I know there was a lot that changed, and blah blah blah, and a huge delay, you know, we lost half a year, essentially, with everything that was going on between
Dieter Werwath: current and new distributors, but, you know, we just didn't get anywhere near, so…
Dieter Werwath: I guess, you know, SKD, I still think we made the right decision, and long-term, that would be a phenomenal move for us.
Dieter Werwath: But it's just about figuring out how we…
Anders Boye: Yeah, we just don't know what… we're not seeing any good data, right? I mean, the good thing about SKD is…
Anders Boye: we know we're not gonna be in for a lot of monkey business, right? P&B, they're really… Brand.
Dieter Werwath: Yes.
Anders Boye: And that's the test now to see if we can survive that. And so far, those that have re-signed with us via SKD, that's been a huge energy booster for me.
Anders Boye: To see that.
Anders Boye: And, and the fact that…
Anders Boye: I don't know how long it's gonna be, but so-so was a big misfire, right? I was a bit worried when P&B
Anders Boye: Got involved with them. I don't even think about Sozo anymore.
Dieter Werwath: No.
Anders Boye: And maybe I should, but I… we have bigger things to do, and, you know, even…
Anders Boye: Ms. Fish coming back to us,
Anders Boye: I think we need to really… we need… we need to really… that momentum we have now, we really need to adjust.
Anders Boye: Do what we're doing, but doing it better.
Anders Boye: How do we put that into a budget? I would just take 25, I would add all the things that we just mentioned, and then I'll say, well, how much more do we need to… do we want to go this year, and how do we get there? That's the only way I can think of it.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, so that's exactly why I sort of tried to build those tools, so we could do it from either side, because we can put these numbers in now, and it can show us exactly where we think we'll be. So, we take 25, we add Holywings, ClubMed, LYD,
Dieter Werwath: I would say, so Hollywood's $1,000 a month.
Dieter Werwath: The groups, another thousand.
Dieter Werwath: the listings, I mean… That's… that's a complete unknown.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Anders Boye: I mean, I would hope we could sell a case in every outlet, every month, of every SKU, minus Ginger,
Anders Boye: I mean, I would love to sell ginger, of course, and then have 2,000… Outlets, right? So…
Anders Boye: That would lift us a lot. I mean, the… we also need to be mindful that the real target is 30,000 cases, right?
Dieter Werwath: Yes.
Anders Boye: So how do we get there? How fast can we get to that? That's a huge, huge task, right? That's excess.
Dieter Werwath: So, if we look at 30K cases, I mean, the thing is that we can… if we can get to that 30K cases production volume.
Dieter Werwath: We can easily…
Anders Boye: take a year to move those cases safely from our… Yes, we could do a quarterly 30,000, for instance, right? Yep, yep. Scenario, right?
Dieter Werwath: Which means, I mean, we're excluding ginger at this point, you know, we don't see us filling 30,000, but that means that if we want to fill 30,000 cases of soda at the end of Q1, what does that take? 30,000 cases of Imperial at some point in Q2, what does that take? And hopefully.
Dieter Werwath: Or even Q3, I mean, what have we got?
Anders Boye: And we need to move them relatively fast, right? So…
Anders Boye: I would think if we can start… if we can reach 10,000 cases a month, then we start looking at those production levels, right?
Dieter Werwath: So we can actually… we can sit on cases, with…
Dieter Werwath: So far, no issues whatsoever for 12 months.
Dieter Werwath: If the numbers, if the volumes and the savings really dictate that that's the best way forward.
Dieter Werwath: we could slowly distribute those over the space of 12 months. We don't want to sit on them for 12 months, but the reason we say that is because we've had ginger sitting for 12 months with no issues.
Dieter Werwath: And we know that SKD starts to get a little, for some reason, even though we've got a 2-year shelf life, they prefer to not have stuck with less than 12-month shelf life left.
Anders Boye: Yeah, yeah, we… yeah, I mean… I mean, at the end of the day, we need to…
Anders Boye: We need to take some risk on that, but not too much, because.
Dieter Werwath: Exactly.
Anders Boye: By the way, fins just jumping. How many were damaged, and do we know why?
Dieter Werwath: Not many, and I think it was based.
Anders Boye: You don't packaging for them, or…
Dieter Werwath: Yes, yes. No, we didn't.
Anders Boye: Okay, it was…
Dieter Werwath: It was measuring.
Anders Boye: off, you know.
Dieter Werwath: 100%.
Anders Boye: First one we've had with that sort of outcome.
Dieter Werwath: They've actually… that's something I'll just make a note of. They've not come back to us and…
Dieter Werwath: We've not followed up with them, to be honest. Finsed breakages.
Anders Boye: It would just be a disaster if we have a bad batch, and…
Anders Boye: And we get stuck with something, but that's a real target. How can we do 30K production of at least the two most popular SKUs?
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Anders Boye: and not sit on them for too long, right? So…
Anders Boye: I mean, if we can sell… Realistically, we need to sell
Anders Boye: 5,000 cases of soda each month for it to be a little bit more interesting, right? Or at least
Anders Boye: probably 7 and a half to 8,000 cases. Then we start getting closer to that territory.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, but I think if we could do… if we could stabilize at 5K as our baseline for soda, knowing that we'll also then have
Dieter Werwath: Peak season, which will put an extra, looking at the numbers, 20-30% on that.
Dieter Werwath: then… Producing 30K cases is absolutely something we should do twice a year.
Anders Boye: Yeah, so we should look at, exactly, as well say, we should look at doing that twice a year, which will give us a much better margin.
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Anders Boye: And, and, and we, we…
Anders Boye: you know, again, can we get it into some… one of the big chains? I mean, we'll move serious volume down.
Dieter Werwath: I think… Imperial… expecting 5K. This is the annoying thing. We know that the venues are out there.
Dieter Werwath: And we know that SKD have those venues in their portfolio.
Dieter Werwath: You know, it's that getting over that ride is this…
Dieter Werwath: is the big focus. How do we…
Anders Boye: We should really just have a call just to focus on big accounts, where they run through it, instead of having all this mismatch every time.
Anders Boye: dedicated business development calls, and not just running through the monthlies, you know what I mean?
Dieter Werwath: But yeah, that's worthless. But those calls are just… there's almost zero value there, right? And we can frame that nicely for them, but…
Dieter Werwath: Essentially, that's the reason.
Anders Boye: They're cool.
Dieter Werwath: training for his monthly check-ins team, you said.
Dieter Werwath: Focus, we are in a much better place.
Anders Boye: But I mean, with…
Anders Boye: all these small, but fairly active, like, shady pig, and… I mean, all these things that we haven't… we never service those. That should add up,
Anders Boye: to volume, I mean, some of them move 100 cases a month, I would imagine.
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Dieter Werwath: You know what I mean? You get… you get… 30, 40 of those.
Dieter Werwath: plus the big ones, you're already in 5K a month, right?
Anders Boye: Yeah, that's really realistic.
Dieter Werwath: And I don't think there can be any doubt that there are not enough for us to go and get 30 accounts of that volume.
Dieter Werwath: you know, Indonesia is so vast.
Anders Boye: No.
Dieter Werwath: And there are so many hot spots at various parts around the country, you know, Bali's been great for us, but, you know, we've definitely got to look outside of Bali as well now.
Dieter Werwath: Okay, so I think…
Dieter Werwath: I think what we need to do is, in addition to the budget, and this will, you know, the budget will feed this, and this will feed the budget, we've got to set targets, right? And say, right.
Anders Boye: So we have to have those targets, right, of the… maybe to reach the 30,000, we want to reach a certain…
Anders Boye: Revenue, we want to reach a certain bottom line, and that's gonna take us to the next level.
Dieter Werwath: Okay.
Anders Boye: Because without a good, solid bottom line, we… you know, the illage of the world, and having a bit more money to spend, and develop stuff, we've done a…
Anders Boye: I mean, we have done quite a lot in 25. It's been a very, very strange year, right? But we have changed this position, we have gotten Ryan up and running, we have gotten…
Anders Boye: a little… little bit better understanding of, obviously, SKD, and they've had… and they're beginning to understand us. We got Ferry onboarded, we got…
Anders Boye: Some damage control, we got fins sorted, I mean, quite a lot in a year. Right now, we all got that. How do we go?
Anders Boye: Couple of X's this year.
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Dieter Werwath: And I… do you know what, I think?
Dieter Werwath: even if there are higher costs involved, I think the revenue… I mean, our revenue only jumped by… I can't repeat that one now.
Dieter Werwath: yeah, most places.
Anders Boye: Big, big… You know, idle periods.
Dieter Werwath: And that's what we need to avoid.
Anders Boye: Yup.
Dieter Werwath: You know, we're not… there's no way we'll ever be… fully lineal.
Dieter Werwath: because of the nature of, you know, seasonalities, et cetera, et cetera. But less bumpy, a lot less bumpy, is where we need to be.
Dieter Werwath: And figuring out how we do that is the next step.
Dieter Werwath: Because, as you said, with that baseline comes the ability, and not just the ability, but the comfort
Dieter Werwath: For us to then…
Dieter Werwath: take the measures that we need to get to the next level, such as advocate and anything else that comes around it.
Anders Boye: Yeah, we got the overseas opportunities, right? But I do budget with those, you know, we, we…
Anders Boye: That, that would be…
Anders Boye: we can play with that a little bit, but just going with what we have now and increasing, I think that's the way to do the budget this year.
Dieter Werwath: So, I mean, I think that that's probably the right way, right? So we'll look at…
Dieter Werwath: 2024 to 2025, what we did and what we… what we learned. We'll then look at 2025 plus X.
Dieter Werwath: And that's gonna be pretty much… Across the board.
Dieter Werwath: For what we've currently got now.
Dieter Werwath: We then add in… The new opportunities that we know are close to hand, Holy Wings, groups.
Dieter Werwath: listings, we're gonna have to make some kind of estimate. Like you said, if we go with…
Dieter Werwath: 2,000 cases… 2… sorry, 2,000…
Dieter Werwath: Outlets with one case per month per outlet.
Dieter Werwath: I think that's a fairly… let me just quickly check the… the latest numbers, which won't be through until…
Dieter Werwath: Probably in the…
Anders Boye: How many places are we now currently being sold? I mean, a couple hundred, or…
Dieter Werwath: Over 300.
Anders Boye: Okay.
Dieter Werwath: Well, some of those are just… they just started in January. We don't… we don't have the data yet.
Anders Boye: Yeah, it's super fresh, right? So…
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: So, we can… so there are going to be 3 buckets that we add on. Holywings is a law unto itself, you know, that shouldn't be less than a thousand cases a month.
Dieter Werwath: ClubMed, LYD, and other chains.
Dieter Werwath: Are we… are we confident to say that that should be a group total of 1,000 cases a month? I think we probably should be.
Anders Boye: I would, I would, yeah, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Listings, we can go with, I mean, 2,000… we'll look at the numbers, but…
Dieter Werwath: I don't see why 2,000 cases in modern trade across the board should be
Dieter Werwath: Anything less… anything other than the least we should expect.
Anders Boye: I mean, even just for soda.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: And then we've got…
Dieter Werwath: the new SKUs, which we need to put in place, I would say we start budgeting for them to actually be available
Dieter Werwath: H2.
Dieter Werwath: Just to give us breathing room. If we get them out before July 1st, great.
Anders Boye: Right, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: I think, realistically, let's just, knowing that we've… all the shit that we've had with Beep Palmer Boulevard, let's just put that as a July 1st stop date.
Anders Boye: Your pole, basically.
Dieter Werwath: I mean, we could even sort of put one in Q3 and one in Q4.
Dieter Werwath: I don't see any reason why we shouldn't have an SKU out at some point in Q3. But if we want to be safe, a little bit conservative, and push those both to Q4, no problems.
Dieter Werwath: I guess we go with a Conservative as Q4,
Dieter Werwath: We go with the, base as 1 in Q3 and 1 in Q4, and we go with the stretch as, if we want to, as,
Dieter Werwath: Both in NQ and H2 and Q3.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Oh.
Anders Boye: Are we just…
Dieter Werwath: I'm…
Anders Boye: Let's take numbers on the new SKUs, and then…
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: I mean, I'd love… I would love to…
Dieter Werwath: to massively increase our wage bill at some point during this year. Finding the step to do that is…
Dieter Werwath: Keep down.
Anders Boye: You know what, I feel quite good about our two soldiers in the field, and if we can add a third one, I think we'll do really well if we could find a third one pretty soon.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Anders Boye: We can easily justify that, right? Now we know what's kind of working.
Anders Boye: They're fairly motivated. Merson, you talked about a salary increase as well, right, for him?
Dieter Werwath: Merzone's already had the salary increase as of December, as discussed.
Anders Boye: Alright, okay.
Dieter Werwath: I didn't realize… I didn't realize that…
Dieter Werwath: So, him and Jules, I spoke to Siska today. Now, when he moves and goes to Bali, he stays with Siska, and she's given me a little eye-opener.
Dieter Werwath: So…
Dieter Werwath: she, you know, she's obviously still very much pro-candid. If we could pay her, I'd have her back in a heartbeat, but we just haven't got that revenue yet available.
Dieter Werwath: But she sent the… on multiple occasions, so they're staying in the same house, sitting on a walkthrough.
Dieter Werwath: Merzain gets up and goes to his meetings for, with SKD.
Dieter Werwath: And Cisco, rather than sitting in the house in Ottawa on her own, she'll say, right, I'll drive in with you. Let's just go into the center, I'll work for a coffee shop, or whatever.
Dieter Werwath: And on multiple occasions, when they're almost in the city, or the city center, Dempassol, wherever they're going, Mirzan gets a WhatsApp, sorry, we've got to cancel, or reschedule, or whatever.
Dieter Werwath: And she said the way that it sort of started happening was, Mirzan would say, where do you want to go? And Cisco would say, you don't need to take me right to the door, you know, go and do whatever you're doing, just drop me here. And Merzanne turns around and says.
Dieter Werwath: I've got nowhere to go now, because they've canceled the meeting.
Dieter Werwath: So, that literally is…
Anders Boye: And or an act.
Dieter Werwath: No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. Merzanne's very conscientious.
Anders Boye: Yeah, okay, okay.
Dieter Werwath: I've got no concerns there. And to be honest, Cisco would tell me if she thought that…
Anders Boye: Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. No, but… but that's… oh, that's so… banana.
Dieter Werwath: Right?
Dieter Werwath: So that's literally hot off the press from earlier on this afternoon.
Anders Boye: Yeah, okay.
Dieter Werwath: So, but she also said that, and this is… I'll have to address this with both Jules and Mirzan. So, Jules and Merzan reached out directly to PKF,
Dieter Werwath: I've already spoken to, to, to Mirz and the facts, I haven't spoken to Jules.
Dieter Werwath: directed to PKF and said, hey, just chasing up our expenses for Jan, they weren't paid with our salaries.
Anders Boye: And Felicia…
Dieter Werwath: said, I can't pay you because there is zero rupeeh in the accounts.
Dieter Werwath: At which point, Merzel and Jules sort of said, holy shit, is the company in trouble?
Dieter Werwath: So, obviously that's… I mean, I'll start that out pretty easily. I'd already explained to Mirzanne what was going on, you know, that the payment was late with, with…
Dieter Werwath: SKD, and I only… and I…
Dieter Werwath: I would have thought that Jules would ask Alan Rate, but maybe not, I don't know. But anyway.
Dieter Werwath: long story short, I mean, that's internal communication, but I think that, again, having these… these tools and updates available will give the team a little bit more visibility on what's happening, and hopefully, you know, give them a bit more…
Dieter Werwath: A bit less anxiety.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, yeah. But we'll see, we'll see.
Dieter Werwath: I think you're right, if we can get one more, but I'm also getting a little bit… not…
Dieter Werwath: Not anxious, more annoyed.
Dieter Werwath: that…
Dieter Werwath: these road shows to go to, you know, for SKD to invite the team out to all the places.
Dieter Werwath: There doesn't seem to be any progress there.
Dieter Werwath: Which is obviously a concern.
Dieter Werwath: Because we want to be out in those places, we want the team to go meet those people.
Dieter Werwath: and I guess maybe, you know.
Dieter Werwath: We'll need to push that harder, and make sure that Jules and Mozanne are also pushing harder to get those
Dieter Werwath: Those connections done.
Dieter Werwath: I don't know… yeah, there's no…
Dieter Werwath: Honestly, there's got to be a way we can… we can do that, and have that…
Dieter Werwath: Moving a little bit more quickly.
Dieter Werwath: Because those 2,000 outlets that we spoke about.
Dieter Werwath: I mean, I guess that could come from just Bali and Jakarta, but I would be more comfortable if that was spread around other regions or branches a little bit further as well.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: And obviously that then opens up whatever
Dieter Werwath: On trade is available in those… those areas as well.
Anders Boye: Hmm.
Dieter Werwath: Morning.
Dieter Werwath: But yeah, it's going to be interesting to see. I'll actually… I'll give the team a little nudge and say, guys, can you just nudge
Dieter Werwath: SKD, and ask for that data. I still don't understand why we have to wait until the 15th, 20th. The data is all there, it's SAP, right? They just have to export it and send it to us.
Dieter Werwath: And the other big thing from that perspective is we're still not building that database of contacts.
Anders Boye: But I thought that was being done by ferry already, or set up, or…
Dieter Werwath: Oh, no, no, the database is there, it's just empty, we don't have any names or numbers to put in there, right? That's got to come from either our team or from the…
Anders Boye: I thought they were working with her since last year, and that… no.
Dieter Werwath: Note that there's almost zero movement at all.
Anders Boye: Oh, God. Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Yay, neither.
Dieter Werwath: So that… that for me, which is why when we… this conversation popped up again last week, and I… I love the way that Jay… you know how sometimes we realize that Jay doesn't listen to anything that goes on in our meetings? Jay came up last week and said.
Dieter Werwath: Great idea, guys! Why don't we reach out to people? What's happening?
Dieter Werwath: Oh, my goodness, yeah.
Anders Boye: I… you know, we started this long, long time ago with,
Anders Boye: When, when she was resigning her, what's her name?
Dieter Werwath: In S.
Anders Boye: Venus, right? So…
Anders Boye: We just need to get every… all the contacts we have into the system and start building it religiously.
Dieter Werwath: Yes.
Anders Boye: Without any fail.
Dieter Werwath: And that, that's just…
Dieter Werwath: you know, there's got to be… and I've actually got an option that hopefully will be something that we can do, so that can be something that will…
Dieter Werwath: be… I mean, to be honest, it's just laziness from the team. You know, there's no… there's no excuse for it. But if we can…
Dieter Werwath: Figure out a way to reduce the friction even further, then…
Dieter Werwath: You know, and hopefully that's something that's coming soon.
Dieter Werwath: again, it's…
Dieter Werwath: it's one of those jobs that no salespeople like to do. Salespeople are not admin people, and certainly Indonesian people, Indonesian people.
Anders Boye: requirement for every visitor.
Dieter Werwath: Yep. Yep, exactly. And that spreadsheet, that super simple spreadsheet that we set up for the first bowling trip in December.
Dieter Werwath: I don't know how to make that any less.
Anders Boye: But didn't we sign up for CRM, D, in the end, or…
Dieter Werwath: No, the one page, didn't bother. To be honest, nobody was gonna use it.
Dieter Werwath: Literally nobody.
Anders Boye: But what are we doing next week? We didn't… we had a very sharp sales call yesterday, but…
Anders Boye: What is the next step, then, to get this going?
Anders Boye: and get very involved, so they send it to Ferry, very…
Dieter Werwath: I think… I think that's the… that's the… the best option. So, I've been speaking to Al. I said, Al, look, what is happening with RISMA? We've got to get rid of… RISMA's still getting paid, and she's doing nothing. So, Al's gonna fire her this week,
Dieter Werwath: we'll get ferry then into all of the groups, and I mean, they… everybody knows… it's a badly kept secret. I just didn't want to rub Risman's nose in it when Al was dragging his feet and not wanting to do it, blah, blah, blah. He got very, very upset just before Christmas, when I said, why have you not fired people yet?
Dieter Werwath: I think he was having a bad time, and… yeah. But anyway… Yeah, it is no… it's a no-brainer. No-brainer.
Dieter Werwath: And then, of course, the actual management or the scheduling of those outreaches. The team can reach out as and when, but we'll have regular outreaches, say, hey, just checking in, how's things going? By the way.
Dieter Werwath: Any problems, any questions, we've got a special offer. Whatever it is, just any excuse to outreach to them.
Dieter Werwath: So, I mean… sorry, let's get back to the budget for a second. So, we've got those… Essentially.
Dieter Werwath: 5 buckets to add, so we'll take 2025, and we'll add X percent.
Dieter Werwath: We'll then use Holywings, we'll use Groups, ClubMed LYD, We'll use listings.
Dieter Werwath: We'll use, New SKUs.
Dieter Werwath: Why is that? Oh, I guess…
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, the other one is hotels.
Anders Boye: I guess Point Medicine falls in between, or overlaps those two.
Dieter Werwath: But we haven't seen any kind of… yeah…
Dieter Werwath: That's… that's maybe… I don't know whether we need to separate that right now, whether hotels comes within groups.
Dieter Werwath: We can play it either way. You know, end of the day, If we've got Current Plus.
Dieter Werwath: Holy wins at $1,000, groups at 1,000, listings at 2,000. That puts us at 6 to 7K.
Dieter Werwath: per month.
Dieter Werwath: And that should be the minimum we're looking for.
Anders Boye: Yeah, it's still not great, but, yeah.
Dieter Werwath: No. If we look at the numbers, I looked at… I pulled out the 2025 projections that we put together, and we were…
Dieter Werwath: We're at around about 25% of where we want it to be.
Dieter Werwath: So learning from that and seeing what happens, yes, we want growth.
Dieter Werwath: But we're not looking for 4 or 5X this year, I don't think. It'd be great if we could figure out ways to surprise ourselves, but I think if we can 2X this year.
Dieter Werwath: From the original numbers, not from, you know, the shit that we had in the middle of last year, but from the original numbers, and do…
Dieter Werwath: 10 to 12 billion?
Dieter Werwath: that's probably… I mean, I'll run the actual numbers with these projections for volumes, but that's probably where we want to be, I would imagine.
Anders Boye: Yeah, I mean, it's a realistic… it's a realistic target right now.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, and you know, and then we can say, look, guys, if we can do this, this is how it changes.
Dieter Werwath: But yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Okay, is there anything else that we need to… so… I think…
Dieter Werwath: Marketing and finance is… is locked in. We've got no concerns there, no changes required. Staffing, we want to increase that staffing, at least…
Dieter Werwath: Then 3%.
Dieter Werwath: But I think apart from that, we should be fairly happy with that… at that level.
Dieter Werwath: If we talk about actual Senior Recruitment, Elliott level, We can sort of… Build that in as a…
Dieter Werwath: TBC, whether it's at Q3 or Q4, but we want it by the end of the year.
Anders Boye: Nope.
Dieter Werwath: What else?
Dieter Werwath: COGS is coming down because of the larger volumes, we can tweak that.
Dieter Werwath: But I think that, realistically, I think we're at… 55% at the minute.
Anders Boye: Yeah, I think… and I'll expect a lot more of that, most of this, but we have… that's an upside.
Dieter Werwath: Yes.
Dieter Werwath: Absolutely.
Anders Boye: Oh… I would… I don't think there's much else we can do.
Anders Boye: I'm quite sure we can reach that target if everyone pitches in and everything is sort of…
Anders Boye: Fairly smooth, and… Bintan kicks in as well, the hotel's there and everything else, and…
Anders Boye: we get a couple of these big groups. I still think Finns will move more, I still think Holywings will move more than we estimate, but I think it's okay for a budget.
Anders Boye: Yeah. To use production, and what we can sell there is a complete question mark, right?
Anders Boye: I think that could take us to a totally different level if it works out.
Dieter Werwath: It really could. It really could.
Anders Boye: And it is… it's maybe the listing fees and… and everything else in between. We have a good idea now what Sukunda charges, right? So we are not going to have any surprises there.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, so, I mean, the only thing I would say is that…
Dieter Werwath: again, and this was learnings from when Cisco was sort of managing that at the beginning.
Dieter Werwath: one thing, we should never, ever, ever accept the first request. Ever. The listing fees that we were given, we know that SKD don't set those. They're set by the actual
Dieter Werwath: the branches, etc. So, I think one initiative for us is to push to be more involved in those conversations directly with the chains.
Dieter Werwath: There's been no indication at all
Dieter Werwath: that SKD are trying to make any kind of margin on the listing fees from any of the chains that we've
Dieter Werwath: That we've, currently onboarded with.
Dieter Werwath: Which suggests that there shouldn't be any
Dieter Werwath: Issues without a team being involved in those conversations.
Dieter Werwath: So, my thoughts would be, again, partly to grow our database of contacts, and partly to have visibility and be able to move more quickly, is to have the team
Dieter Werwath: join those conversations more… more and more often, and push for more of those conversations to be happening. We asked for a list of all of the… the…
Dieter Werwath: Potential chains that we could onboard.
Dieter Werwath: We got, I don't know, 10 or something? 10 or 11?
Dieter Werwath: And we've done three, and maybe a fourth. We've gone for the slightly larger ones, and the strategic bombs, that makes sense, but…
Dieter Werwath: there's no…
Dieter Werwath: there's no urgency from SKD's side to go and complete that list and get the rest onboarded. So from that side, you know.
Dieter Werwath: And also, on that note, you know, we've had… we've been through the designs and the vendors, or not vendors.
Dieter Werwath: 2026 should be much, much more smooth for onboarding new modern trade. No questions there.
Anders Boye: Yup.
Dieter Werwath: I'm going…
Anders Boye: we… we probably need to increase the marketing spend a bit for social media and TikTok and… and…
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, so Ryan is hammering us for a budget. That's something that does need to come out of this. What can we actually spend on.
Anders Boye: Yeah. Not just his… his actual…
Dieter Werwath: fees. So, yeah, he's… Ryan's fine, but he's saying, guys, you know, we're behind now where we should be.
Anders Boye: Yeah. And you're the only, you know, we're the ones that are going to actually suffer.
Dieter Werwath: He said, you'll keep paying me, and I'll keep doing everything I can, but you… you knew the plan right from the beginning. I was very open. I said, yep, yep, I know, I know,
Dieter Werwath: And, you know, that's fine. So, I would say, originally, I can't remember the percentage, but we've got it somewhere in the 2025 projections.
Dieter Werwath: Originally, we had What's it like?
Dieter Werwath: 900 million for the year.
Dieter Werwath: And essentially, that covers…
Dieter Werwath: the basics. So now we've got to say, right, what do we want to spend, or what can we spend, what should we spend? On top of that.
Dieter Werwath: To supercharge this, to, you know, to actually put.
Anders Boye: paid marketing out there to run campaigns. And we need to test a few things we haven't tried before, and learn from it.
Dieter Werwath: Absolutely.
Dieter Werwath: You know, he's got a whole playbook of things that we can do, and, you know, some things that he will recommend against, and we might want to try it anyway, just because we can. You know, that's… there's no right or wrong for that small level.
Anders Boye: levity hands and play with that a bit. We need to create.
Dieter Werwath: I guess.
Anders Boye: Noise, but not a big campaign or anything, just a bit of noise.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: And there's nothing stopping us from doing that, right? So, I think from that perspective, We need to…
Dieter Werwath: Essentially, pick a number.
Dieter Werwath: Present it to him, and if he laughs in our faces and says, guys, you know.
Dieter Werwath: 500 bucks a month isn't enough. What are you smoking? That's fine. Give us an idea. In fact, that's actually what I'll do. I'll say to him, look, realistically, give me three scenarios.
Anders Boye: Yeah, yeah, give us some ideas, yeah, so…
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: And then, I mean, that's it, really. We've got a little bit of expense coming from BPAC.
Anders Boye: Every year, a year.
Anders Boye: big… Apart from the new SKUs this year, we don't have big
Anders Boye: Change is coming. We are fairly stable now.
Anders Boye: we just have housekeeping, opening accounts.
Anders Boye: I'm just getting more out of SKD,
Anders Boye: it's… it's a… last year was exhausting just to think about, right? We got holes…
Anders Boye: It should really be a year where we are making some smooth sailing.
Anders Boye: Optimizing what we can optimize, and getting ready for
Anders Boye: Professionalization and the funding round, really.
Dieter Werwath: And I think that that's… that's really, yeah, for me, that's got to be the focus, because the quicker we can get that done without rushing, but the quicker we can get that done and get cleaned up with Marek and everything else.
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: I mean, that's just…
Dieter Werwath: you know, that on top of everything else has been a ballache. Removing that from our
Dieter Werwath: Radar will be such a huge step forward.
Anders Boye: Yup.
Anders Boye: What are we doing with the FOC for P&B?
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, so I'm gonna have to speak to them again. You know, we've just been sort of keeping them at arm length,
Dieter Werwath: I've got a horrible feeling that when… if we… if we offer them, you know, to pay them out,
Dieter Werwath: They're gonna say.
Dieter Werwath: they're going to try and say, well, look, we make X from that, so that's what you've got to pay us. And that's not the case.
Dieter Werwath: what I would love to do is only pay them as much as they would have paid
Dieter Werwath: SKD.
Anders Boye: I want a discount on the dollar, actually, just to close the case, and frustrate it a bit, because I don't… I just fucking hate those guys, but I know that's unrealistic, maybe.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, so, I mean, if we look at what they were supposed to be selling at, which is 75 and 95, I'm not paying that. I'm not paying cash.
Dieter Werwath: If you look at what they were buying at, which was… 4, 8, and 6-8, that's…
Anders Boye: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: More like it.
Anders Boye: And it's very simple, they talk so, so, so, I'm sorry.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Anders Boye: What, what… so then we need to maybe shut up.
Anders Boye: We sit with the royal account for KF.
Dieter Werwath: Sorry, Honda, say it again.
Anders Boye: KKS situation, has that been rolled out?
Anders Boye: Millionaires?
Dieter Werwath: You need to get that moving as well, right?
Dieter Werwath: Because that's 350 or 330 or whatever, it sat there doing nothing. Okay, yes.
Dieter Werwath: Full it with Teddy.
Anders Boye: I don't…
Dieter Werwath: One more…
Anders Boye: Growing it up.
Dieter Werwath: I think it was.
Anders Boye: And of course, it would be great to get aviation done in the targets as well, right? That would be a steady flow.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, that would be a big one, and I think it may be a issue.
Dieter Werwath: And didn't… I'm sure that SKD said they had an inroad there as well, right?
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, yeah.
Anders Boye: And again, Ismaia, no one really can answer what we do with Ismaia.
Anders Boye: But that needs to be… yes, we really should get going, just file it, let it run its course.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: We will have a little bit less. We had some pretty big bills, sort of legal slash consultant bills last year that we've… won't have this year.
Dieter Werwath: Which will help out there.
Dieter Werwath: In that particular area.
Dieter Werwath: I think you're right, there's not a lot…
Dieter Werwath: of change to… that sounds deaf. There's a lot of change to make this year, but…
Dieter Werwath: Not those kinds of changes.
Anders Boye: Not super big infrastructure, and… and…
Dieter Werwath: in the office.
Dieter Werwath: Okay.
Anders Boye: But from PKF, I saw, she sent something to you the other day. Cheryl, what's her name?
Anders Boye: PKF Singapore.
Dieter Werwath: Oh!
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, what was, What was it she asked for?
Dieter Werwath: Bank statements.
Dieter Werwath: Someone who goes from you.
Dieter Werwath: And then the invoices of order reasoning, what the f-
Dieter Werwath: I've got no idea where they will be. I'll have to dig them out.
Dieter Werwath: March?
Dieter Werwath: Wait, March 24 to March 24? What's that?
Dieter Werwath: I'll clarify what she actually needs from there.
Anders Boye: We should probably have a quick meeting with them next week, just to get going on this year, right?
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, not quite sure what…
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, I remember reading it now. There's a couple of things in there that don't really make a lot of sense, but…
Anders Boye: at some point in time, we need to top up Singapore, but we have 10K still here, but…
Anders Boye: I'm quite sure with annual reporting and everything else, we need to…
Dieter Werwath: We can… so, I guess…
Dieter Werwath: We can… repay the load.
Dieter Werwath: Indonesia over Singapore, 12, 15,000 US?
Anders Boye: Yeah, okay.
Dieter Werwath: So we can certainly send that across ASAP, or towards that. So, we've got reason to move money, put it that way.
Dieter Werwath: So yeah, well, that's… let me make a note repo, though.
Dieter Werwath: Actually, that was… When I was talking to Ferry, and we were going through the finances and stuff, and I said, you need to do this, this, this, this,
Dieter Werwath: And she said, what about this 15, 14K, whatever it is? So that's on hold. I explained roughly the situation, but, yeah, that's why it's fresh in my mind. But that's fine. So we can move some money.
Dieter Werwath: ASAP.
Dieter Werwath: Al wants to take a payment this week, if possible, when SKD pay.
Dieter Werwath: Should be no problems at all.
Dieter Werwath: And, you know, in line with what we've already agreed.
Dieter Werwath: But I just said to him, look.
Dieter Werwath: because we've had low orders in Jam.
Dieter Werwath: I might not send you 100, might I send you 50? He's like, yep, no problems.
Dieter Werwath: But that's… I've got no concerns there at all.
Anders Boye: how to go.
Dieter Werwath: Ryan has just replied.
Dieter Werwath: Okay.
Dieter Werwath: So, basically.
Dieter Werwath: last year was 50K, 48K or 49K, something like that. And he said, I'd go $60K, although we would not spread evenly.
Dieter Werwath: We need to ramp up ASAP, and then maintenance campaign for Ramadan, which is coming soon.
Anders Boye: Yeah, okay.
Dieter Werwath: So, that's actually… That's probably less than I was expecting to ask for, to be honest.
Dieter Werwath: There's gonna be… but there's gonna be slightly more than that. I don't think he's remembered that we agreed to…
Dieter Werwath: 2… quarterly.
Dieter Werwath: press releases.
Dieter Werwath: Which cost around about 2.3, I think, each. I'll just double check. But that's actually… that's better than I expected. I thought… I guess I shouldn't have it, you know…
Dieter Werwath: I maybe thought of him as a standard agency for a second. They just always want more, more, more, more. Okay, that's fine.
Dieter Werwath: So… That's cool.
Dieter Werwath: store, and you can see… I'll take a quick look at what we've spent on…
Dieter Werwath: Things like, activations, samplers in the modern trade.
Dieter Werwath: It's hard, it's hard to judge.
Dieter Werwath: The performance or the impact, because we don't have the bloody sales data.
Anders Boye: you know.
Dieter Werwath: In and around those times.
Dieter Werwath: Okay, that's something that I'll speak to Fanny about.
Dieter Werwath: Because it's hard to show that that actually works unless we can see the impact, right?
Anders Boye: No.
Anders Boye: Yeah, exactly.
Anders Boye: Mindy.
Dieter Werwath: Still actually why we can't get more
Dieter Werwath: visibility on… on sales data. It just doesn't make any sense to me.
Dieter Werwath: We'll get… Jules and Merzon have been reasonably successful in getting branch-level data.
Dieter Werwath: outside the normal channels for December and Jan, so we'll try and get… sorry, November and December. So we'll try and get that for Jan as well.
Dieter Werwath: Okay, is there anything else that we are missing from… let me just open up the, 2025.
Anders Boye: No, I don't think so, Dee, to be honest. I mean, there's a lot of upside in that budget, certainly also a little bit of downside, but not a lot, and I think…
Anders Boye: I would be… I would really hope…
Anders Boye: Doble it this year from what we are putting in, but, you know, that's for the…
Anders Boye: If we can keep signing new accounts, we should be. Because it's very, very… it's a very conservative budget on stuff we think we have almost, right, in hand.
Dieter Werwath: Exactly, exactly.
Anders Boye: So we're aiming at doubling that,
Anders Boye: And just really go for it, and do what we do best at the moment.
Anders Boye: Yep.
Anders Boye: So I think I'll keep it to that, and then let the boys give their input on it when we go through it with them later.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Just looking at last year's document.
Dieter Werwath: I mean, we put zero revenue for them, but we just obviously felt that it was…
Dieter Werwath: Important enough to make a note.
Dieter Werwath: Coffee?
Dieter Werwath: Coconut water, still water, and try.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, I mean, water I still believe in, but… Yep.
Anders Boye: I think… I think we should really focus on some…
Anders Boye: ITDs that will put us on the map.
Dieter Werwath: Yes.
Dieter Werwath: And I'm inspired by, I mean.
Anders Boye: You know, we should do a healthier version of an energy drink at one point in time, I think, as well.
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Anders Boye: You know, a… maybe that could be, like, prime based on coconut water with something else for something else.
Anders Boye: But, yeah, because the market is enormous.
Dieter Werwath: You've only got to take a small, a tiny little slice, right?
Anders Boye: Hmm.
Dieter Werwath: Okay, so that's actually something else that, that is, is almost built,
Dieter Werwath: I think the data that we've now got, and the structure that we've now got, and, you know, you've seen a very, very small taste there with the website that's…
Dieter Werwath: That's in place now.
Dieter Werwath: But… I just… even with Jay…
Dieter Werwath: On board, and, and sort of…
Dieter Werwath: I wouldn't say he's managing the R&D, particularly.
Dieter Werwath: It's good that he feels involved, but I think that we can do that better.
Dieter Werwath: And I think that we need to have this list of targets that is converted to a confirmed library of potential SKUs that we can then pick and choose from and assess at various times during our journey.
Dieter Werwath: You know, and I think that, again, that's something that…
Dieter Werwath: Shouldn't be any later in Q1, we should have that… and a structure that we can say, okay, guys, what about this?
Dieter Werwath: And we know that to take just a crazy, top-of-the-head idea to step one in the journey is just to assess feasibility.
Dieter Werwath: If we then feel it's feasible, we go and we start building potential recipes. Once we get to that stage, we start looking at cost.
Dieter Werwath: Once we get to that, you know, I think that that's…
Dieter Werwath: I'm sure… I guess that Jay, being more in the… on the vendor side, you know, he's the one that goes out there and
Dieter Werwath: And sells those components, rather than
Dieter Werwath: plans them and brings them together. So maybe that's the gap, but I think that that's something that we can systemize and semi-automate and build that library, start to build that library, without losing focus on the two that we've got in the pipeline right now.
Anders Boye: Another thing I would be very keen to put as a…
Anders Boye: As a note for the budget is alternative income streams that can be actually with the network, with our expertise now.
Anders Boye: import certain SKUs and… and… and create… I mean, these are high…
Anders Boye: margin things that we could… we can… we can explore and develop. Candid Unisoda, a bit…
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Anders Boye: There are some massive opportunities there,
Anders Boye: Funnily enough, one of the guys I… I was in Jakarta with two weeks ago.
Anders Boye: He just took Singha franchise for Taiwan.
Dieter Werwath: Singer in Taiwan.
Anders Boye: Bingha sold a wall in Taiwan, yeah? So I said, I need those numbers when you have them.
Dieter Werwath: Yes, absolutely.
Anders Boye: So…
Dieter Werwath: Absolutely.
Anders Boye: It's a very… for him, it makes sense, because he has a big…
Anders Boye: You know, it's just adding it into the chops of everything else he's doing.
Dieter Werwath: Ian.
Anders Boye: syrups, right? So…
Anders Boye: But the thing is, with our network, and I'm selling a shitload of monster drinks in Singapore now, and Prime still, even though it's low margin Prime now, but…
Anders Boye: I'm so baffled of how much you can sell, online.
Dieter Werwath: God.
Anders Boye: And I'm just thinking, if we choose a few SKUs, whatever we do, Unisolder can be anything, right? Of course, we will.
Dieter Werwath: Yes.
Anders Boye: on call, but let's try and develop a Trade as Joe mentality, maybe?
Anders Boye: And, and see if we can do something completely different.
Anders Boye: And give that as a competition for all of us when we get together and say, what other… you know, it could be vending machines with our own SKUs and mainstream SKUs.
Dieter Werwath: I'm single.
Anders Boye: control, because the margins I don't know what we can sell a drink for in a vending machine, but…
Anders Boye: It would be double margins of what we sell it to for SKD.
Dieter Werwath: table. Yep.
Anders Boye: And if we can piggyback with a big vending machine operator who has
Anders Boye: You know, it's not unrealistically 5,000 vending machines, you can actually move some serious volume.
Dieter Werwath: That's definitely…
Anders Boye: The revenue, it will be enormous revenue, and the margins are insane, and that will fuel us into other things, and that… we need to… we need to find a few cash cows, because
Anders Boye: We could probably even convince SKD to sell it on our behalf as a SOP.
Anders Boye: I mean, if we bring it in and they distribute it.
Anders Boye: that's the channel, we can distribute it only for Jakarta, we can… we can send it on another truck to Bali and have a SOPD doing it separately. We know how to do this now, and we can invoice a lot more, and I think it's a lost opportunity not to look at that.
Anders Boye: So, what I would say is, I would, in the new hire, I would also look at business development, a guy who's just doing business development.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: Not… not sales, but actually growing the group.
Anders Boye: Growing revenue streams, right?
Anders Boye: for the business.
Dieter Werwath: Just hold that… just hold that for one minute, please, Alice.
Dieter Werwath: Thank you, Anders.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, no worries. I'm sorry to say that. Yeah, I think that that's something, you know, we've discussed several times, and I think that.
Anders Boye: Yep.
Dieter Werwath: Having that, somebody who's got that as a key focus, as a core driver.
Anders Boye: Yeah, and I… you know, I would… you know, we could do just the machine with ginger and see how that goes. That would be a PR stunt in itself, right? We could do, just with sodas, we can do small ones on counters.
Anders Boye: those are more PR-related, but having some serious volume we can move in with containers.
Anders Boye: I… I think… I think that would be… it can… we can really, really go high in revenue quickly.
Anders Boye: And if it's managed… fairly nicely, we can do B2B, right?
Anders Boye: And…
Dieter Werwath: S…
Anders Boye: Piped the ticket down, so,
Anders Boye: It could be a product that's not in Indonesia, we can try and get the, licensing for it, for Indonesia, that would be my preferred option, long-term licensing. We have the pedigree and the…
Anders Boye: we have something to show for now, Unisoda, right? I mean, and our collaboration, so why can't we move other people's products?
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: And I think that's that leveraging that visibility now.
Anders Boye: Obviously, it's not like a compliment to what we're doing, because that makes sense, but…
Anders Boye: Vending machines are gonna be a big thing. It's a huge thing in Thailand now. It's huge in Singapore, little Singapore.
Anders Boye: Because of manpower issues. I'm putting up one next week with exotic candies, and we're expecting to sell up to $10,000 a month on one vending machine.
Anders Boye: So…
Dieter Werwath: Credit.
Anders Boye: But even if 5, it'll be successful, and that can fund the next, one, and then the next 2 can fund the next 6, right?
Dieter Werwath: So I've just sent you a link on WhatsApp from the guys that I was working with. Yeah, the, the…
Dieter Werwath: the financial company, and they were… I mean, COVID obviously put a stop to that, but they were flying. They were absolutely flying.
Anders Boye: Yep.
Dieter Werwath: And I see more and more vending machines here, and those smart vending machines, and you know what?
Dieter Werwath: So how many things where people can just tap, or scan, or QR, whatever it is.
Dieter Werwath: It's so handy. It's so…
Dieter Werwath: You know, any way that you can get people to spend money without handing over physical cash, so much easier for people to spend, right?
Anders Boye: Yeah, I mean, there's a maintenance, there's a stocking and all that, but in Indonesia, it's not that tricky, right?
Anders Boye: And a lot of these smart vending machines have a little, stash area as well.
Anders Boye: where you can keep in behind a fair amount of SKUs,
Anders Boye: So I think it's just a… it's just brainstorming, because I think we can do so much more than just be a producer.
Anders Boye: Which will enable us to buy and develop other things for our core brand.
Anders Boye: I mean, think about CIA, who used cocaine to fund the wars against the, I mean, I'm not… I'm just saying a lot of companies do this, right, to… to… they develop other businesses because they identify synergies, and that shouldn't stop us.
Anders Boye: We have very low margin business, we need very high volume, we don't have our own line, thank God, for that at the moment. But if we can start… anything we can go in now, we'll go almost straight to the bottom line.
Dieter Werwath: And I think as well, you know, you say that about the synergies, we've… weird…
Dieter Werwath: I would say basically wide open.
Dieter Werwath: Because those synergies
Dieter Werwath: now don't necessarily need to mean synergies for a mixer. They don't even need to mean synergies for a beverage.
Anders Boye: Normally.
Dieter Werwath: Synergies for the channels and the markets, as well as the products.
Anders Boye: A wide one?
Dieter Werwath: Wow.
Anders Boye: One-stop shops for bars, a whole kit
Anders Boye: Sell, sell, right? Unisol? Yeah. Yeah.
Dieter Werwath: You know, and, you know, it doesn't have to be directly associated with the Candid brand in any way, shape, or form. It is purely a corporate level.
Dieter Werwath: Decision on a corporate level.
Dieter Werwath: Promotion and distribution, and we can, you know, we can look at it that way.
Anders Boye: Yeah, we're just a separate entity, but it's obviously in the same P&L, and then we can rebrand… we can brandish something, and then we have a sales rep for that.
Dieter Werwath: Well, I mean, it doesn't even need to necessarily be a separate entity, it could be a separate department within the university.
Anders Boye: Separate, .
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, I mean, keep them… keep them separate, mentally.
Anders Boye: Excellent.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, totally agree.
Anders Boye: So I think that's just an op… we need to look at opportunities. What is… what is there? What can we do? Where are the fat margins? Where are the… where's the move… move?
Anders Boye: Movement to be.
Dieter Werwath: you know, tapped into, and it can be an online-only proposal in the beginning, just for Greater Jakarta.
Anders Boye: To dip, to dip.
Anders Boye: dip our toes into, and… and I think that could generate phenomenal results, and with very little effort, we have… we increase to the bottom line, and we… you know, the revenue will go 10X, because it'll be retail, right? Almost. Almost, right?
Dieter Werwath: So we have a lot more…
Anders Boye: higher revenue.
Dieter Werwath: Exactly.
Anders Boye: From alternatives, and that will fuel us for what we want to do for the core brand.
Anders Boye: So we need to find that…
Anders Boye: almost compounding extra revenue that gives us while we're developing the brand can… it's almost like, you know, it's like the waitress in Beverly Hills wanting to be an actor… actress, right? So, the taxi driver starting to become
Anders Boye: We need to…
Anders Boye: some extra income streams, and I think they're there, and because we have the systems now, we can add on to it.
Anders Boye: And, you know, it's just a little separate…
Anders Boye: business division, but in the same P&L.
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Dieter Werwath: All feeding into the same account.
Anders Boye: I target high KPIs, if we can find the right salespeople that are driven by 20% in their pocket of what they sell, and then we just go crazy.
Dieter Werwath: And, you know, like I said, there's no… there's no real prescriptions there, there's no limits.
Dieter Werwath: What we would need to do is just get an additional MIB on our corporate license, but there's nothing… we're not looking to bring in alcohol at this stage. We're not looking to bring in any kind of
Dieter Werwath: banned substances, or, you know, narcotics, or medication, or anything like that. There shouldn't be any problems in getting those licenses. They're reasonably straightforward and simple to apply for. I guess on that note, Provo's going nuts. He's making it very difficult
Dieter Werwath: to set up, to start new businesses, particularly for foreigners here. We should be fine because we're already established, but I was sat talking with a guy recently,
Dieter Werwath: And, yeah, picking…
Dieter Werwath: licensed channels and registration channels and stuff, it's getting more and more difficult. I don't know what he's…
Dieter Werwath: I don't know what's on his mind, to be honest.
Anders Boye: Would we… our paid-up capital, are we gonna get into any.
Dieter Werwath: son?
Dieter Werwath: No, that's not even been a cause for concern at all. Nobody seems to be checking on that. It's more about… he seems hell-bent on
Dieter Werwath: Making things more difficult to start new things.
Anders Boye: It's really strange, yeah. See what's happening in the coal mines, it's absolutely crazy what's happened the last week, and
Anders Boye: basically, if you look at the biggest coal mines in Indonesia, he's taken away
Anders Boye: What is… what is the equivalent of 15% of the exports
Anders Boye: of Indonesia being one of the biggest coal-exporting countries in the world, equivalent, on a year-to-year basis, on average, 2,000 shipments, 2,000 full ships.
Anders Boye: That it will have a huge impact on the freight market. Now.
Anders Boye: I'm in a very good position there, because my clients have not been…
Anders Boye: They maintain their levels as the only true miners in Indonesia.
Anders Boye: It will have an impact eventually, but that means they're sitting on coal, they can tender out on.
Anders Boye: that almost no one else can get their hands on. So I'm hoping that that can get me a little bit of wind in the sail, but
Anders Boye: it's… it's crazy what he's doing. I mean, one thing is all the oil pump plantation, which is reclaiming all the illegal stuff. If it truly is illegal, if there's been a lot of shit, fine. But the coal exports?
Anders Boye: he's basically… and I think it's a… it's a… it's nepotism playing out right now, and showing who's the boss, and obviously filling the cabinet with people who've attended the military school in central Java, yadda yadda, been on his team, and…
Anders Boye: He's basically using Donald Trump's playbook at the moment.
Dieter Werwath: That's… that's exactly what I was thinking. Yeah.
Anders Boye: So…
Dieter Werwath: And it's a slippery…
Anders Boye: Yeah, in the shipping, I was talking this morning, we got reporters calling in, and there was a big cold conference in Delhi, everyone's panicking. I mean, you're talking about
Anders Boye: all of Asia's energy, is, to a large extent, supported by Indonesia.
Anders Boye: And 15% of that has just been removed from the market. And some miners, including the wealthiest Indonesian guy, a couple of years ago, who owns Bayern Energy, he's lost 80% of his license.
Dieter Werwath: 80%?
Anders Boye: Yep.
Anders Boye: So, yes, I'm a bit worried, because it's…
Anders Boye: I mean, you saw what happened in the stock markets, they… and it's fair enough that they're gonna increase the float of the publicly traded shares.
Anders Boye: From 5% to 15%, but…
Anders Boye: They forgot to read the memo that most share, most companies in Indonesia are floated only for one purpose, is to make the owners rich, not for other people to trade them.
Anders Boye: it's basically a credit facility for the rich families, right? The shares in Indonesia, and most of it is BCA anyway. So, of course it reacted when they opened up for it.
Dieter Werwath: I mean, I just don't understand how… this is a slippery slope back to the old days.
Anders Boye: Central Indonesia.
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Anders Boye: And then, of course, you have anti… you have all the world's eyes on the Google guy, and all that, you know, playing out now, which is terrible, right?
Anders Boye: And Google actually getting involved in that now, because obviously he got arrested for being naughty, which probably never happened, but… And then the finance minister that was well-liked, no longer, right?
Dieter Werwath: Yeah.
Anders Boye: It is very worrying. It's very worrying.
Anders Boye: So, I think…
Anders Boye: going back to… to operating in Indonesia, you know, we could also look at an Indonesian partner for another entity under a part… a JV with Unisola, but
Anders Boye: Hopefully, we'll be fine, but let's clean up the… the records, before any more problems.
Anders Boye: I mean, at the end of the day, Indonesia needs foreign investment, they need companies.
Dieter Werwath: Yes.
Anders Boye: Whether he's gonna give all his mates the licensing deals, I don't know, but I'm just thinking of parallel importing and actually cornering the market on some popular products.
Anders Boye: default.
Anders Boye: It shouldn't be difficult, I think.
Anders Boye: or just find one or two SKUs that we know we can
Anders Boye: That we can tweak a little bit, and actually make some money, or just do the…
Anders Boye: You know, the most boring thing in the world, and do what everyone else is doing, but just doing it a bit better.
Anders Boye: and more interesting, I mean… but yeah, who knows?
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, let's see. Let's see. Right, I'm gonna go, because my youngest daughter is sick, and she's just been stood at the door with tears in her eyes again. She can't sleep.
Anders Boye: Okay, Dean.
Dieter Werwath: But yes, I'll get a rough draft of this ready for tomorrow, share it over, and then…
Dieter Werwath: We didn't actually set a time yet.
Anders Boye: Oh.
Dieter Werwath: The other contribution.
Anders Boye: I haven't.
Dieter Werwath: So, I think… did Al say he was traveling this week and back on Sunday?
Anders Boye: Can't recall. I think, isn't he going to Japan soon?
Dieter Werwath: Yeah. But to be honest, I mean, we can share it with them anyway. We'll take a quick look at it ourselves, we can share it with them, ask for feedback, and go from there, and then get on a call when we can all make it ASAP.
Anders Boye: Yeah, I would love for Ryan, if you could do a deck, a pitch deck for new accounts with what he has on hand. Yeah. That simple one, right? Because we have so many… we have pretty good photos now, we have a couple of videos we can add into a PDF.
Dieter Werwath: Yep.
Anders Boye: But I have a few guys asking me if we could send something over.
Anders Boye: Just like a sales deck, right?
Dieter Werwath: Yeah, and I think, you know, just highlighting our USPs, and one of those is our approach. I don't know how we put that into writing yet, but I think that that's something that's important to call out.
Anders Boye: Hmm.
Anders Boye: Alright, okay, D.
Dieter Werwath: Cool. Thank you, Anders. Enjoy the rest of the evening. I'll speak to you soon.
Anders Boye: Bye, bye.
Dieter Werwath: Bye-bye, bye-bye.